customers.add(new Customer("Evelyn Brooks
customers.add(new Customer("Kathryn Peterson
customers.add(new Customer("Henry Foster
customers.add(new Customer("Joan Taylor
customers.add(new Customer("Shirley Scott
customers.add(new Customer("Donald Jones
customers.add(new Customer("Edward Barnes
customers.add(new Customer("Johnny Brown
customers.add(new Customer("Ruby Gonzales
customers.add(new Customer("Samuel Bennett
customers.add(new Customer("Ruth Hill
customers.add(new Customer("Louise Roberts
customers.add(new Customer("Kenneth Phillips
customers.add(new Customer("Martin Murphy
customers.add(new Customer("Wanda Thomas
customers.add(new Customer("Walter Davis
customers.add(new Customer("Lawrence Allen
customers.add(new Customer("Phyllis Stewart
customers.add(new Customer("Kevin Rivera
customers.add(new Customer("Thomas Garcia
customers.add(new Customer("Karen Jenkins
customers.add(new Customer("Tammy Morgan
customers.add(new Customer("Eric Bryant
customers.add(new Customer("Marie Patterson
customers.add(new Customer("Ernest Carter
customers.add(new Customer("Scott Moore
customers.add(new Customer("Arthur Griffin
customers.add(new Customer("Carol Rogers
customers.add(new Customer("Harry Butler
customers.add(new Customer("Joshua Henderson
customers.add(new Customer("Frances Jackson
customers.add(new Customer("Katherine Wright
customers.add(new Customer("Stephen Ross
customers.add(new Customer("Mary Bailey
customers.add(new Customer("Jeremy Lewis
customers.add(new Customer("Todd Simmons
customers.add(new Customer("Justin Watson
customers.add(new Customer("Gloria Thompson
customers.add(new Customer("Diana Coleman
customers.add(new Customer("Rachel Williams
customers.add(new Customer("Jonathan Ramirez
customers.add(new Customer("Lori Hall
customers.add(new Customer("Matthew Miller
customers.add(new Customer("Joyce Cook
customers.add(new Customer("Ralph Young
customers.add(new Customer("Bobby Anderson
customers.add(new Customer("Joseph Campbell
customers.add(new Customer("Teresa Diaz
customers.add(new Customer("Carlos Robinson
customers.add(new Customer("Mildred Cox
customers.add(new Customer("Anna Flores
customers.add(new Customer("Craig Powell
customers.add(new Customer("Carl King
customers.add(new Customer("Susan Mitchell
customers.add(new Customer("Amy Nelson
customers.add(new Customer("Sarah Russell
customers.add(new Customer("Timothy Price
customers.add(new Customer("Terry Richardson
customers.add(new Customer("Judith Martinez
customers.add(new Customer("Gregory Perry
customers.add(new Customer("Lisa Evans
customers.add(new Customer("Paul Clark
customers.add(new Customer("Rose Reed
customers.add(new Customer("Janet Rodriguez
customers.add(new Customer("Kathleen Sanchez
customers.add(new Customer("Brandon Wood
customers.add(new Customer("Alan Turner
customers.add(new Customer("Virginia Gray
customers.add(new Customer("Phillip Howard
customers.add(new Customer("Helen Wilson
customers.add(new Customer("Christina Harris
customers.add(new Customer("Anne Bell
customers.add(new Customer("Sara Long
customers.add(new Customer("Anthony Adams
customers.add(new Customer("Marilyn Hernandez
customers.add(new Customer("Roy Lopez
customers.add(new Customer("Cheryl Torres
customers.add(new Customer("Bruce Gonzalez
customers.add(new Customer("Linda Cooper
customers.add(new Customer("Sandra Lee
customers.add(new Customer("Sean Smith
customers.add(new Customer("Lillian Baker
customers.add(new Customer("Amanda Hughes
customers.add(new Customer("Barbara Alexander
customers.add(new Customer("Richard Morris
customers.add(new Customer("Adam White
customers.add(new Customer("Fred Sanders
customers.add(new Customer("Rebecca James
customers.add(new Customer("Cynthia Martin
customers.add(new Customer("Louis Perez
customers.add(new Customer("Emily Washington
customers.add(new Customer("Christine Edwards
customers.add(new Customer("William Walker
customers.add(new Customer("Andrew Johnson
customers.add(new Customer("Maria Ward
customers.add(new Customer("Julie Green
customers.add(new Customer("Pamela Kelly
customers.add(new Customer("Laura Parker
customers.add(new Customer("Benjamin Collins
customers.add(new Customer("Martha Collins
